README.md, before:

![TESSA Splash Screen](https://github.com/Erfinder-Philippines/TESSA/blob/master/Assets/splash.png)

## What is TESSA?
TESSA is a Xojo app programmed by Daniel Burkhalter, Tri-B-Werk, that can be used by users to automate the execution of scientific software applications. It can be used to run a variety of different applications, including those that are used for data analysis, numerical simulation, and visualization. TESSA can also be used to manage and track the results of scientific experiments.

TESSA works by providing a graphical user interface (GUI) that allows users to easily create and manage workflows. A workflow is a series of steps that need to be taken in order to complete a task. TESSA can be used to create workflows for a variety of different tasks, such as data analysis, numerical simulation, and visualization.

Once a workflow has been created, TESSA can be used to execute it. TESSA will automatically start each step in the workflow and will monitor the progress of each step. If a step fails, TESSA will automatically stop the workflow and notify the user.

TESSA can also be used to manage and track the results of scientific experiments. TESSA can store the results of experiments in a database, which can then be used to analyze the results and to generate reports.

### Here are some of the benefits of using TESSA:
-   Save time: TESSA can automate the execution of scientific software applications, which can save users a significant amount of time.
-   Improve efficiency: TESSA can help users to improve the efficiency of their work by automating repetitive tasks and by providing a central repository for data and results.
-   Improve reproducibility: TESSA can help to improve the reproducibility of scientific results by tracking the steps that are taken in a workflow and by storing the results of experiments in a database.
-   Free and open-source: TESSA is a free and open-source software application, which means that it can be used by anyone, regardless of their budget or technical expertise.

If you are a user who is looking for a way to save time, improve the efficiency of your work, and improve the reproducibility of your results, then you should consider using TESSA.

### Here are some of the features of TESSA:

-   Support for a wide variety of scientific software applications
-   Easy-to-use graphical user interface
-   Ability to create and manage workflows
-   Ability to track the results of scientific experiments
-   Free and open-source

TESSA is a powerful tool that can help users to save time, improve the efficiency of their work, and improve the reproducibility of their results. If you are a user who is looking for a way to improve your workflow, then you should consider using TESSA.

**Additional information:** TESSA is a powerful tool, but it is still in its Alpha stage. which means that it is still under development and may not be fully accurate or reliable. The results of TESSA should always be checked by a human before being used. 

## Documentations
- [**Folder Structure**](https://github.com/Erfinder-Philippines/TESSA/blob/master/Doc/FolderStructure.pdf)
- [**Formula Element**](https://github.com/Erfinder-Philippines/TESSA/blob/master/Doc/FormulaElement-documentation.pdf)

## Requirement
 Some functions in TESSA require you to have Monkeybread Software's Xojo plugins, specifically version 210, you can download it through their website.
 [**MacOS - MBS Xojo Plugins v210**](https://www.monkeybreadsoftware.de/xojo/download/plugin/Archive/MBS-Xojo-Plugins21/MBS-Xojo-Plugins210.dmg)
 [**Windows/Linux - MBS Xojo Plugins v210**](https://www.monkeybreadsoftware.de/xojo/download/plugin/Archive/MBS-Xojo-Plugins21/MBS-Xojo-Plugins210.zip)

## Compile/Running TESSA
- In order to run TESSA after compiling, you need to include **TESSA Config** and **Elements** folder in where the TESSA executable is located.

## Platform Independecy
TESSA can be compiled, built, and run on major operating systems that are being used by everyone. TESSA supports **Mac**, **Windows**, **Linux**, and **Raspberry Pi (Raspbian)**. A release build is available for everyone to try and use over at our [**Release Page**](https://github.com/Erfinder-Philippines/TESSA/releases).

Commit message:

Changes to the README.md, added Office Automation as a requirement plugin and information of Xojo

README.md, after:

![TESSA Splash Screen](https://github.com/Erfinder-Philippines/TESSA/blob/master/Assets/splash.png)

## What is TESSA?
TESSA is a Xojo app programmed by Daniel Burkhalter, Tri-B-Werk, that can be used by users to automate the execution of scientific software applications. It can be used to run a variety of different applications, including those that are used for data analysis, numerical simulation, and visualization. TESSA can also be used to manage and track the results of scientific experiments.

TESSA works by providing a graphical user interface (GUI) that allows users to easily create and manage workflows. A workflow is a series of steps that need to be taken in order to complete a task. TESSA can be used to create workflows for a variety of different tasks, such as data analysis, numerical simulation, and visualization.

Once a workflow has been created, TESSA can be used to execute it. TESSA will automatically start each step in the workflow and will monitor the progress of each step. If a step fails, TESSA will automatically stop the workflow and notify the user.

TESSA can also be used to manage and track the results of scientific experiments. TESSA can store the results of experiments in a database, which can then be used to analyze the results and to generate reports.

### Here are some of the benefits of using TESSA:
-   Save time: TESSA can automate the execution of scientific software applications, which can save users a significant amount of time.
-   Improve efficiency: TESSA can help users to improve the efficiency of their work by automating repetitive tasks and by providing a central repository for data and results.
-   Improve reproducibility: TESSA can help to improve the reproducibility of scientific results by tracking the steps that are taken in a workflow and by storing the results of experiments in a database.
-   Free and open-source: TESSA is a free and open-source software application, which means that it can be used by anyone, regardless of their budget or technical expertise.

If you are a user who is looking for a way to save time, improve the efficiency of your work, and improve the reproducibility of your results, then you should consider using TESSA.

### Here are some of the features of TESSA:

-   Support for a wide variety of scientific software applications
-   Easy-to-use graphical user interface
-   Ability to create and manage workflows
-   Ability to track the results of scientific experiments
-   Free and open-source

TESSA is a powerful tool that can help users to save time, improve the efficiency of their work, and improve the reproducibility of their results. If you are a user who is looking for a way to improve your workflow, then you should consider using TESSA.

**Additional information:** TESSA is a powerful tool, but it is still in its Alpha stage. which means that it is still under development and may not be fully accurate or reliable. The results of TESSA should always be checked by a human before being used. 

## Documentations
- [**Folder Structure**](https://github.com/Erfinder-Philippines/TESSA/blob/master/Doc/FolderStructure.pdf)
- [**Formula Element**](https://github.com/Erfinder-Philippines/TESSA/blob/master/Doc/FormulaElement-documentation.pdf)

## Requirement
### Xojo
Xojo is a cross-platform development tool that allows you to create native apps for macOS, Windows, Linux, iOS, the web, and Raspberry Pi. It is a proprietary object-oriented programming language that is similar to Visual Basic and Java. Xojo is known for its ease of use, rapid application development (RAD) capabilities, and cross-platform support. You can download Xojo at their website: [**https://xojo.com/**](https://xojo.com/)
### Plugins
**Xojo Office Automation** - TESSA requires the use of Xojo's Office Automation which is already included of your copy of Xojo.

For Windows:
1. Go to the installation folder of Xojo located in **C:\Program Files\Xojo**
2. Open **Extras** folder
3. There you should see a folder called **Office Automation**, open that folder.
4. A file called **MSOfficeAutomation.rbx** should be in there, **Copy** the file.
5. Go back to the installation folder of Xojo in **Step 1**.
6. Locate the **Plugins** folder and open.
7. Paste the file **MSOfficeAutomation.rbx** and restart Xojo if it is already open.

For Mac:
1. Open **Finder** and open a **New Window**
2. On the left side panel, locate **Applications** and click.
3. Find the latest version of Xojo and open.
4. Open **Extras** folder
3. There you should see a folder called **Office Automation**, open that folder.
4. A file called **MSOfficeAutomation.rbx** should be in there, **Copy** the file.
5. Go back to **Applications** and find again Xojo.
6. Locate the **Plugins** folder and open.
7. Paste the file **MSOfficeAutomation.rbx** and restart Xojo if it is already open.

 **Xojo MBS Plugins** - Some functions in TESSA require you to have Monkeybread Software's Xojo plugins, specifically version 210, you can download it through their website.
 [**MacOS - MBS Xojo Plugins v210**](https://www.monkeybreadsoftware.de/xojo/download/plugin/Archive/MBS-Xojo-Plugins21/MBS-Xojo-Plugins210.dmg)
 [**Windows/Linux - MBS Xojo Plugins v210**](https://www.monkeybreadsoftware.de/xojo/download/plugin/Archive/MBS-Xojo-Plugins21/MBS-Xojo-Plugins210.zip)

## Compile/Running TESSA
- In order to run TESSA after compiling, you need to include **TESSA Config** and **Elements** folder in where the TESSA executable is located.

## Platform Independecy
TESSA can be compiled, built, and run on major operating systems that are being used by everyone. TESSA supports **Mac**, **Windows**, **Linux**, and **Raspberry Pi (Raspbian)**. A release build is available for everyone to try and use over at our [**Release Page**](https://github.com/Erfinder-Philippines/TESSA/releases).
